update docs about the ranged version use (#5863)
Particular/docs.particular.net: README.md

<PackageReference Include="NServiceBus.RabbitMQ" Version="4.3.1-alpha.XYZ" />
```

> Wildcard patterns, like `4.3.1-*`, or `8.0.0-alphe/beta/rc.*` are not allowed for pre-releases since they tend to break the snippet and sample builds.

Reviewer: @danielmarbach It was not clear if that was allowed so I clarified by explicitly included prerelease names.

> Wildcard patterns, like `4.3.1-*`, `8.0.0-alpha.*`, `8.0.0-beta.*`, or  `8.0.0-rc.*` are not allowed for pre-releases since they tend to break the snippet and sample builds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wildcard patterns, like `4.3.1-*`, `8.0.0-any-pre-release-version.*` are not allowed for pre-releases since they tend to break the snippet and sample builds.
```

SemVer calls alpha, beta, rc etc. simply pre-release-version if I'm not mistaken https://semver.org/

<PackageReference Include="NServiceBus.RabbitMQ" Version="4.*" />
```

#### Version ranges

> Avoid using [version ranges](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges) for package references. The integrity tests will enforce this.

Reviewer: How is a range different from a wildcard? Then this should be avoid ranges and wildcards.

Reviewer: So, we are only allowed do so a wildcard on the patch? So `1.1.*` but not `1.*` and not allowed to do `1-*` or `1.0.0-*`. 

That makes me wonder if `1.0.0-rc.*` is allowed. Assuming package restore using the highest version.

Reviewer 2: @ramonsmits the wording is a bit fluffy because it depends, but this section clarifies that https://github.com/Particular/docs.particular.net#nuget-package-references
